updated Convox integration docs 5-26-23 (#1859)
DataDog/integrations-extras: convox/README.md

## Overview

You can add operational visibility to your Convox environments with Datadog for both v2 (ECS) and v3 (cloud agnostic Kubernetes) racks.

![Convox integration dashboard widget][1]

## Setup

See the Convox documentation for specific instructions to set up Datadog for your rack version:
[v2 Docs][2]
[v3 Docs][6]

### Deploy the Datadog Agent

You can deploy the Datadog Agent as a Convox app by using the provided agent example from our documentation for the `convox.yml` manifest and a basic `DOCKERFILE`.

## Troubleshooting

When configuring environment variables in the `convox.yml` file, it is important to ensure all levels of indentation match examples given in our configuration documention.

> Please be sure your DataDog API Key is correctly set as an ENV variable or else the agent will fail to deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure your DataDog API Key is correctly set as an ENV variable or else the agent will fail to deploy.
```
